1. Objective
The objective of the LLM Prompt Management Service is to provide a comprehensive solution for the creation, management, experimentation, and deployment of prompts used in language model (LLM) applications. This service aims to streamline the workflow for developers and researchers working with LLMs by offering a robust platform for prompt design, versioning, and publication, facilitating the rapid development and iteration of LLM prompts.

2. Requirements
User requirements for the LLM Prompt Management Service include:

Ability to design prompt templates with placeholders for various elements.
Capability to create, experiment with, and iterate on prompts based on templates.
Version control for prompt templates and individual prompts.
Mechanism to publish and manage the lifecycle of prompts.
Functionality to search and discover prompt templates and published prompts.
API and SDK access for integration with LLM workflows, particularly within the LangChainGo framework.
Scalable and high-performing backend storage to manage prompt data.
3. Features and Functionality
The service will provide the following features and functionality:

Prompt Template Design: Interface for creating and managing prompt templates with placeholders for elements like instructions, contexts, and examples.
Prompt Experimentation: Tools for developing prompts from templates, including versioning and rollback capabilities.
Prompt Publishing: A publication workflow for prompts, making them available for production use after testing and validation.
Search and Discovery: Capabilities to search for templates and prompts based on various criteria.
API and SDK: RESTful API and GoLang SDK for accessing the service programmatically, ensuring easy integration with LLM workflows.
4. Design Choices
LLM Frameworks:
LangChainGo is preferred for its direct alignment with LLM workflows and its compatibility with GoLang, offering robust features for prompt management within LLM applications.
Alternatives like Agency and Lingoose were considered but found to be less suited due to their primary focus areas outside of LLM prompt management.
Databases:
AWS DocumentDB is chosen for its MongoDB compatibility, offering a flexible schema ideal for the variable structures of prompts and templates.
DataStax Managed Cassandra and DynamoDB were evaluated but deemed less optimal due to their data model complexities and cost-scaling concerns, respectively.
5. Architecture
The high-level architecture includes:

Prompt Design and Management Module: For template creation and prompt experimentation.
Prompt Publishing Module: To manage the publication lifecycle of prompts.
API and SDK Module: Offering RESTful API endpoints and a GoLang SDK for service integration.
Storage Layer: Utilizing AWS DocumentDB for data persistence.
Caching Layer: Leveraging Elastic Cache for Redis to enhance performance for frequently accessed prompts.
6. Design
API Endpoints:
CRUD operations for prompt templates (/prompt-templates) and prompts (/prompts).
Endpoints for publishing (/prompts/{promptId}/publish) and consuming prompts (/prompts/{promptId}/consume).
SDK Methods:
Methods mirroring API functionality, such as CreatePromptTemplate(), UpdatePrompt(), PublishPrompt(), and ConsumePrompt().
Database Design:
DocumentDB Schema:

json
Copy code
{
  "PromptTemplate": {
    "templateId": "string",
    "placeholders": ["Instruction", "Context", "TaskContext", "TimeContext", "Examples"],
    "metadata": {}
  },
  "Prompts": {
    "promptId": "string",
    "templateId": "string",
    "elements": {
      "Instruction": "string",
      "Context": "string",
      // Other elements...
    },
    "versions": [],
    "status": "string",
    "metadata": {}
  }
}
7. Scalability and Performance
The service architecture is designed for high availability, leveraging AWS EKS for deployment and scalability.
Performance is enhanced through the use of Elastic Cache for Redis, caching frequently accessed prompts to reduce load times and database queries.
8. Conclusion
The LLM Prompt Management Service is designed to be a comprehensive platform for the development and deployment of LLM prompts, addressing the needs of developers and researchers in the field. By leveraging the LangChainGo framework and AWS technologies like DocumentDB and Elastic Cache, the service promises to offer a scalable, high-performing, and user-friendly solution for prompt management within LLM applications.




----
Evaluate the Database for storing the Prompts (March 1 - March 5)

Research potential databases (March 1 - March 2)
Evaluate performance, scalability, and cost (March 3 - March 5)
Design DB Schemas (March 6 - March 10)

Design the Prompt schema (March 6 - March 7)
Design the Prompt Template schema (March 8)
Design the Prompt Element schema (March 9 - March 10)
Define Out of Box Prompts (March 11 - March 13)

Identify MVP requirements (March 11)
Draft initial set of Out of Box prompts (March 12 - March 13)
Design the Prompt Assembler (March 14 - March 20)

Architect the interaction with Search & Retrieval systems (March 14 - March 16)
Prototype basic assembler functionalities (March 17 - March 20)
Design API in GoLang (March 21 - March 26)

Define API endpoints and contracts (March 21 - March 22)
Implement API logic (March 23 - March 25)
Initial API testing and documentation (March 26)
Design the Versioning System (March 27 - March 29)

Define versioning rules and logic (March 27)
Implement versioning system in the database (March 28 - March 29)
Infrastructure & CI/CD Pipeline (March 30 - April 3)

Define infrastructure requirements (March 30)
Setup cloud services and resources (March 31 - April 1)
Configure CI/CD pipelines (April 2 - April 3)


Additional Tasks and Buffer
Integration Testing & Debugging (April 4 - April 5)

Integrate components and conduct end-to-end testing (April 4)
Debug issues and refine system (April 5)
Documentation & Training (April 6)

Finalize system documentation (April 6)
Conduct initial team training sessions (April 6)
Project Review & Adjustments (April 7)

Review project outcomes against objectives (April 7)
Plan for next phase or adjustments based on feedback (April 7)




----



Detailed Gantt Chart Table with Main and Sub Tasks
Tasks / Weeks	W1 Mar 1-5	W2 Mar 6-10	W3 Mar 11-15	W4 Mar 16-20	W5 Mar 21-25	W6 Mar 26-30	W7 Mar 31-Apr 4	W8 Apr 5-7	W9 Buffer
Evaluate Database for Prompts									
Research potential databases	███								
Evaluate performance, scalability	███								
Design DB Schemas									
Design the Prompt schema		███							
Design the Prompt Template schema		█							
Design the Prompt Element schema		███							
Define Out of Box Prompts									
Identify MVP requirements			█						
Draft initial set of prompts			███						
Design Prompt Assembler									
Architect interaction with systems				███					
Prototype assembler functionalities				███					
Design API in GoLang									
Define API endpoints and contracts					███				
Implement API logic					███				
API testing and documentation						█			
Design Versioning System									
Define versioning rules and logic						█			
Implement versioning in database						███			
Infrastructure & CI/CD Pipeline									
Define infrastructure requirements							█		
Setup cloud services and resources							███		
Configure CI/CD pipelines							███		
Integration Testing & Debugging									
Integrate components and test								█	
Debug issues and refine system								█	
Documentation & Training									
Finalize system documentation								█	
Conduct initial team training								█	
Project Review & Adjustments									
Review project								




Subject: Guidance on EB1A Eligibility with a Focus on Employment and Immigration Status

Dear [Attorney's Name],

I trust this email finds you in good health and spirits. I am reaching out to discuss my eligibility for the EB1A visa category, particularly in the context of the recent updates in U.S. immigration policies and the executive order from the Biden administration.

My professional background is in the advanced domain of Artificial Intelligence, especially in the niche of Generative AI (GenAI). I have made significant contributions to this field, evidenced by numerous publications in esteemed AI, ML, and GenAI journals. These achievements reflect my commitment and substantial impact within the AI community, potentially aligning with the extraordinary ability criteria required for EB1A classification.

Presently, I am under an Employment Authorization Document (EAD) with my current employer. It is important to note that my I-485 application was filed when I was with my previous employer, under the EB3 category, following a strategic downgrade from EB2. This context of transitioning from one employer to another while under EAD, coupled with the ongoing adjustment of status application, adds a layer of complexity to my situation.

Given these dynamics, and considering the evolving U.S. immigration landscape, I seek your expert advice on the following points:

How does my current employment status on EAD with a new employer, combined with an I-485 application filed by a previous employer, influence my eligibility or the strategy for pursuing an EB1A application?
Are there specific implications or additional steps I should be aware of, given the change of employers and the pending status of my I-485 application under EB3?
With my background in AI and the recent policy changes, what would be the best approach to assess and potentially strengthen my case for an EB1A application?
I am eager to understand the nuances of my situation under your guidance and explore the feasibility of qualifying for the EB1A visa category. Your insights will be invaluable in navigating these considerations and planning the way forward.

Thank you for your time and attention to this matter. I look forward to your advice and am available for a further discussion at your convenience.

Best regards,

[Your Full Name]
[Your Contact Information]
[Optional: Your Current Address]


----


Subject: Request for Initiation of AC21 Portability Process Following Onboarding at Capital One

Dear [Attorney's Name],

I hope this email finds you well. I am writing to you with an important update regarding my employment and immigration status, and to seek your assistance in initiating the AC21 portability process.

As previously discussed, I have been in the process of transitioning to a new role at Capital One. I am pleased to inform you that I have now confirmed my start date with Capital One for January 16, 2024. Following a recent exchange with my contact at Capital One, Chris Strunck, it has been clarified that the process for porting my Adjustment of Status (AOS) to Capital One can only commence once I have officially onboarded with the company. I will be joining Capital One on my current GC EAD.

Given this information, I believe it is now imperative to prepare for the AC21 portability process to ensure a smooth transition of my AOS application associated with my previous employer to my new position at Capital One. Here is a brief overview of the communications I've had with Capital One regarding this matter:

Capital One has confirmed that they typically initiate the AOS porting process post-onboarding of the candidate.
I have been advised to join Capital One on my current GC EAD and to reach out to their team upon onboarding to start the porting process.
I have already set my start date and am in the process of notifying my current employer.
Given these developments, I would like to request your guidance and support in initiating the AC21 portability process. Specifically, I seek your expertise in the following areas:

Preparing the necessary documentation and paperwork required to initiate the AC21 portability process with Capital One.
Advising on any potential challenges or considerations we should be aware of given my current immigration status and pending AOS application.
Outlining the steps we need to take to ensure that the portability process is compliant with all relevant immigration laws and regulations.
I am committed to ensuring a seamless transition and am ready to provide any additional information or documentation required to facilitate this process. Please let me know your availability for a meeting or call to discuss this matter further and to outline our next steps.

Thank you for your attention to this matter and your ongoing support. I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Warm regards,

Shailesh A. Pilare
+1(408)614-4862
[Your Email Address]
